add sig-postgresql and initialized the doc (#504)
pingcap/community: special-interest-groups/sig-postgresql/roles-and-organization-management.md

# Template SIG Roles and Organization Management

<!--
Outline the organism specific to this SIG, as well as those that differ from [SIG Governance](sig-governance.md)
-->

## Join and Promotion

Here we mainly follow the instructions in [TiDB Developer Group](../../architecture/README.md#tidb-developer-group), including common requirements, responsibilities and privileges of each community role.

### Join

> You are welcomed to be a [contributor](../../architecture/README.md#contributor) once one of your PR about `postgresql` is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are welcomed to be a [contributor](../../architecture/README.md#contributor) once one of your PR about TiDB for PG is merged.
```

It isn't about `postgresql`, is it?
